---
layout: post
title: 10to1 acquired by international software developer EPI-USE
author: Tom
category: general
---
10to1 recently has been acquired by [EPI-USE](http://epiuse.com), an international software development company.

This merger strengthens the qualities of both parties. Expertise in the field of mobile and web is a great acquisition for EPI-USE, which is known worldwide for its SAP activities and expertise. 10to1 will benefit from an expansion of opportunities in terms of a larger market and knowledge sharing.

EPI-USE is a group of specialist software and services providers around the world. The company has been operating in the Benelux since 2006, with offices in Belgium and the Netherlands. In 30 years, the company has become a major player in SAP HCM consulting and developing innovative SAP software and services. In total, more than 1,250 people worldwide work for the group, which has an annual turnover of more than $175M.
The company’s roots are in South Africa, and can be found in the name: EPI stands for “Eenheid vir Programatuur Ingeneurswese”. USE is an abbreviation of “Unit for Systems Engineering”.

Tjeerd van Sitteren, from EPI-USE:
> “We’re investing in Europe by working with partners who support our way of operating: not with tons of money, but with appropriate remuneration for services incurred and returns into the future. 10to1 is a perfect match for EPI-USE, because it gives our consultancy a broader foundation.”

10to1 is a web and app developer located in Kontich (near Antwerp), Belgium. The company focuses on the B2B market and on developing software and applications for businesses at home and abroad, as well as under its own brand name. 10to1 was founded in 2006 by Tom Klaasen and Koen Van der Auwera, who expanded the team to seven people.
Thanks to the acquisition by EPI-USE, 10to1 can use the global presence and existing customer base of EPI-USE to grow its business.

Tom Klaasen from 10to1:
> “I see a lot of potential in collaborating with EPI-USE. We’re already preparing a project for which we did not have enough financial capacity a month ago.”

<i>(This message has been posted on various channels before, but not yet here.)</i>
